Mr. Xu
Tonight the media is in the country
He can't cover the sky with one hand
Mr. Chen, let me introduce to you
President of Global Entertainment Asia
Xu Ruotian Xu Sheng
I heard that the Xu family on the street
Just got a music agency in Asia
The permission is called Xu Yue
That's right, that's him.
The Xu family's influence spreads throughout the entertainment industry
If you can take refuge in the Xu family
Even a lowly Internet celebrity
Can be held by him
Top position
Mr. Xu, haven't you always looked down on the Golden Melody Award?
This kind of ceremony without gold content
How to talk to yourself about your worth today
Isn't Mr. Chen in the same mind as me?
Everybody knows that.
Rising Stars and Golden Melody Awards
Hooked masked song god
Who wants to be in the finals of the Rising Stars
Announcement of comeback
You know that.
If you don't come
Where is the opportunity to meet a legendary person?
annoying
You look familiar.
You're welcome.
How could I know someone like you?
Hufan Beijing Conservatory of Music
Internet celebrity Jiang Ge who happened to meet during college
Love at first sight
Made a few broken songs
To give him the opportunity to enter the Chinese language
Including so far
Jiang Lang withdrew from the English word in dismay
And made some loud jumps and set sail.
Your identity is really not sure